

Okay, I always wanted to build me a streaming platform like a kick.com or twitch.tv. Find me a very unique name that's never been out there for nothing. And we'll put it together. Unique name for it. Never been used, and it's real unique, real good for our platform fit. So, I want you to go ahead and draft it on out for me. Build it. We'll get it connected to a repo. Make a repo for it. But build it and use the aesthetic here of this site, this repo I pasted in our chat. I know it's a social gaming platform, but we don't want to use any of that. The only thing I want to use in there is the themes and how the theme switches every time the page reloads or clicks somewhere. We got how it switches. We want to use the exact same shit, so just copy and paste all the themes, the artwork for the background, and how it moves, and copy the aesthetic fully of this repo. And this will be for the streaming platform that we create. So let's go ahead and do it. You got a big task. https://github.com/DGCArcade/dgc-arcade-v2
Don't think too-- You think hard on it for sure, but think of it like twitch.tv is twitch.tv, kick.com is kick.com. Twitch and Kick, see how easy it is to say that is off the tongue? So I know you don't have a tongue, AI, but you can do research on stuff like that to find the sound waves and you can really do deep dive research on that shit. So really get a good name and make sure it's implanted through the whole platform. Make sure the platform looks, I'm talking about production grade A, top of the top of the level. Like we done spent trillions and billions of dollars from investors to make this. You got it, Replit. Make sure everything works. Meaning the system's already created, looking how twitch.tv and kick.com has their system. Because that system is what matters. That's what's implanted. System. And then make sure you get my files ready for render.com and neon tech, my database my front and my back make sure you got all that stuff already situated set up to the file is ready to have to connect this a new GitHub repo